docs: add documentation for creating and installing a custom module (#19134)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/guides/create-install-custom-module/README.md

The manifest file allows you to define the following attributes:
- Name
- Description
- Author
- Version
- Category

After modifying the `Manifest.cs` file, for the changes to take effect, follow these steps:
1. Compile the solution
2. Run the application
3. If changes are not reflected, disable and re-enable the module

## Installing the module
To install a custom module in an Orchard Core CMS application, the module project must be referenced by the main CMS web project.

For example, in Visual Studio:
- Open the solution
- Right-click on **Dependencies** in the project named `Orchard Core.Cms.Web`
- Click on **Add Project Reference**
- Select the custom module project
- Click the Accept button

After adding the reference, the main CMS project file should include an entry similar to:

```
<ItemGroup>
<ProjectReference Include="..\MyModule.OrchardCore\MyModule.OrchardCore.csproj" />
</ItemGroup>
```
This reference allows Orchard Core to discover and load the custom module at runtime.

## Enabling the module
Once the module is installed, it can be enabled from the administration panel:
1. Go to the Admin dashboard

> 2. Navigate to **Configuration > Features**

Reviewer: This is now located in *Tools* in v3. As this document targets the `main` branch, it should match that.

Reviewer 2: Nice catch

> ## Enabling the module
> Once the module is installed, it can be enabled from the administration panel:
> 1. Go to the Admin dashboard
> 2. Navigate to **Configuration > Features**
> 3. Search using the name defined in the `Name` property of the manifest file
> 4. Click the **Enable** button
> 
> If the module does not appear in the list, check the following:    
> - The module must contain a manifest file (`Manifest.cs`)
> - The module project must be referenced by the CMS web project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Enabling the module
Once the module is installed, it can be enabled from the administration panel:
1. Go to the Admin dashboard
2. Navigate to **Configuration > Features**
3. Search using the name defined in the `Name` property of the manifest file
4. Click the **Enable** button

If the module does not appear in the list, check the following:    
- The module must contain a manifest file (`Manifest.cs`)
- The CMS web project must reference the module project
```
